Depending on the type of opponent you choose, you will experience different things.

If you prefer to fight a fellow human:

	- You will face against another person. Both of you, after deciding on who
	goes first, will face against each other
	- After each one of you selects a Fighter or creates one, you will start
	fighting via a MiniGame. Whoever goes down first, is the loser
	- A more detailed explanation can be inquired later on

Elif you prefer to fight the Nasty Java Console:

	- Instead of a human, you are going to face my creation: The Arrow Demon >:D
	- Depending on the overall rank of the fight, the difficulty will be adjusted
	- All actions that the Console takes are randomized. So be prepared for the unexpected!

------- END. Line Counter: 15 -------  (0 - 15)
------- START. Line Counter: 20 ------- (20 - 42)

Your Fighter statistics play an important role when clashing against other fighters.

	- Vitality: It will dictate the amount of Health Points (HP) that your Fighter has.
	The more Vitality Points (or HP) your fighter has, the harder it will be for it to 
	fall in combat.
	- Strength: It will dictate the amount of Damage per Hit that your Fighter can
	inflict to the opponent.
	- Dexterity: Dexterity has two bonuses. (1) Increase the time limit that you have
	to input your Arrow Keys during a Fighting MiniGame. (2) A small chance, depending
	on your Dexterity points, to dodge a blow coming from your opponent (negates taken
	damage that round).

You will be able to gain stat points throughout the game. Both victories and losses will grant
you a certain number of stat points. Keep in mind that defeats will yield a higher amount.
However, if you lose fights, you are also going to lose Rank Points.

So don't try anything funny!

Now you are going to either pick an already built Fighter or build a customized one. If you 
choose to do the latter, then your Fighter will start with 1 stat point in each statistic
and you will be responsible for allocating the points. 

Do not worry, in both cases you will have the same total stat points.

------- END. Line Counter: 42 -------  (20 - 42)
------- START. Line Counter: 47 ------- (47 - 71)

Your objective in this Game is to climb the Ranks of the Martial Arts Tournament. For that
you must fight against other Fights; be it a fellow human or a CPU.

With every win you achieve in the Tournament, besides winning Stat Points, you will also be
rewarded with (10) Ranking Points. It is with those points that your Rank will be calculated and
modified in accordance to the total amount. However, keep in mind that a loss will deduct
points from your Ranking.

You will be matched against equal Rank opponents (if you are fighting against the Java
Console/CPU) by default. However, you can also choose to fighter a higher Ranked Fighter.

If you decide to fight a higher Ranked Fighter and win, you will be awarded an increased
amount of Ranking Points (5 per Rank Difference). On the other hand if you suffer a loss, you will end up losing
all of your Ranking Points (if there is a >= 2 Rank Difference); dropping to the Bottom Category once again. PS: Your Stat Points
won't be lost.

The Rankings for this Tournament are the following, from bottom to top:

    5. Clown
    4. Almost-a-Human
    3. Expert Fighter
    2. Sensei
    1. Maa

Good luck on your journey through the Ranks!

------- END. Line Counter: 41 -------  (47 - 71)
------- START. Line Counter: 76 ------- (76 - x)

There are 2 types of MiniGames in this Game:

    1. Rock-Paper-Scissors. It will determine who is attacking first.
    2. Key Listener MiniGame.

 They Key Listener MiniGame is what will determine whether your Fighter will be able to
 attack or not.

 Every time it is your turn to fight, a Key Listener MiniGame will start. You will be
 provided with a pre-determined combination of Arrow-Key Inputs and you must replicate
 them. If you get any of them wrong or the timer reaches 0, it is your loss on that turn,
 and you won't be able to attack the opponent Fighter.

 Furthermore, if you end up messing the Key Listener MiniGame, you will also receive damage
 from your opponent.

 The pre-determinate combination of Arrow-Key Inputs to achieve is subject to your Fighter
 Rank. The higher the rank, the harder the combination will be. And the timer is also subject
 to this.

 With that being said, come on, what are you waiting for? Start Fighting!

 ------- END. Line Counter: 76 -------  (76 - 96)
 ------- START. Line Counter: 101 ------- (101 - )

